# A1: Project management

> This project intends to develop an information system with a web interface to be used in management, objective setting and task scheduling  in scope of project development.

> Nowadays, with the amount of task and to do list apps available in the market, for both singular users and groups (i.e.: wunderlist), we decided it could be helpfull to implement out take on the matter focusing not only in the use of to do lists but in full project development. The application will provide interactive access with other users at the same time.

> We intend to make the platform available to a wide range of devices (desktop, tablet or smartphone), with an easy to use interface. That will allow easy and fast search of available, concluded, and in progress projects. The system also count with messages of tasks that the user has been assigned and, by the other hand, if the user is the creator of the task, he will be notified when his tasks are done by other users. Each project has a forum where the group members can post any subject relevant to the development. 

> The system can be used by authenticated users or visitors, both of them have access to public information, public projects names and descriptions, but only registered users can create or join projects. When a user creates a project he becomes that project coordinator, being able to set it's information and define the development team size, adding and removing users from the group at will or making the project available allowing interested users to join. Users that join the project group are considered common users and can post on the project forum as well as create and pick tasks from the project. 
 
***

## Revision history

***

GROUP1767, 28/02/2018
 
> Carla Cristine Alvarenga Ferrarez de Castro, up201710786@fe.up.pt

> Gabriel Francisco Machado, up201711002@fe.up.pt
 
> João Carlos Fonseca Pina de Lemos, ee10201@fe.up.pt

> Luis Guilherme da Costa Castro Neves, up201306485@fe.up.pt
